---
title: My Story
date: 2018-01-14
description: This is my story.
categories:
  - love
  - life
image: https://static.pexels.com/photos/247314/pexels-photo-247314.jpeg
author_staff_member: nica
---

I had my first boyfriend at 17. After college I applied on a small centre company to get some work experience, and that’s where I met him. He was our team leader, James as they call him. A week later I was about to quit the job, thinking that It wasn’t for me.  But then he thought me some techniques and it works, reason for me to stay on the company. Days passed and we got closer, not only for work related stuffs but we also had shared each other’s personal lives. We used to tease each other, until the most unexpected day of my life came. He asked me to be his girl and out of nowhere I just said yes. I wasn’t expecting that from myself but all I was thinking that moment is just to trust myself and give it a try. I loved him more than I’ve ever love anyone else or myself, and give him everything a girl could give.  He means the world to me, and couldn’t imagine losing him - dreams and goals are flashing into my head every time. We used to be together every single working day, and spent our rest days still together. Everyone thought of our happily ever after. 

But one day, dreams became nightmares, where there will never be happy endings. We started having arguments which is very unusual to our daily lives. We just kept our mouths shut when we are together and those happy moments became silence. I know to myself that I’m dying, I’m dying inside that every single day I couldn’t feel his love anymore. I was paralysed. I’ve always wanted to ask him why, to ask him what happened to the old us. But his silence made me feel like I had no rights, like he never been mine. One day I had this last drop of strength to stand alone. I tried to survive what had left. I tried to bring back the colours of the rainbow in an abandoned sky. But I’ve done enough. I stepped backwards, hoping him to come back. But he never does, he never wanted to come back to the old us. 

Days passed but for me it was just like the same old day when he left me. But I was still waiting for him, like a lil’ girl on a shed waiting on a school bus - but the bus never had a vacant. Few weeks later, I’ve heard from his own mother that he had found a new girl. I was trying to find a place to breath in, but it seems like there’s no air has left for me. I was in deep grief, reason for me to never smile, to never live again. I don’t know where to go, to where a living body could find its soul.  For I’ve loved a man so much, it’s really hard to moved on. It takes me months, or almost a year to be fine again, to feel that there’s still some drops of blood running through my veins, to feel that I’m still alive. The process of letting go of someone you’ve loved is the hardest, but don’t think of never having tomorrow, because there will always be.
